Translator: Mahmoud Aghiorly Auditor: Anwar Dafa-Alla
Well, now I'm going to show you some pictures
Of interesting research
In the medical journal Ultrasound
I think it is the most interesting research
It was published in the medical journal Ultrasound from its inception
Its title is Notes on Intrauterine Masturbation
(Laughter)
Well, on the left now you can see the hand, this big arrow
And the penis on the right, and the hand hovering around
On this side we see
As the radiologist says Israel Meisner
"The hand holds the penis in a way that represents masturbation movements."
Notice that these are ultrasound
So the pictures were supposed to be animated
Orgasm is a reflex of the autonomic nervous system
Now, this part of the nervous system
He is responsible for the things that we do not control voluntarily
Like digestion, heart rate, and sexual arousal
And this sexual tremor can be provoked
With a surprising number of means
Stimulating sexual organs, of course
But Kinsey also interviewed a woman
You can reach the sexual thrill
By caressing her eyebrow by someone else
People with spinal cord injuries
Like various types of paralysis
They often have very sensitive places
The highest area of ​​injury
Wherever this is
He mentioned something in the literature about euphoria through the knee
And I think the most interesting thing I have ever encountered
It is a case of a woman
She gets to orgasm every time she brushes her teeth
(Laughter)
This was due to
Brush movement while brushing teeth
Than what he used to reach for orgasm
This woman went to a neurologist and was amazed
And check if the toothpaste was caused
But no, it was with any paste you use
And they tried to stimulate the gums
With a toothpick, to see if this is the cause of the problem
But no, the reason was the movement
And the amazing thing is
You think this woman has
Mouth very clean
(Laughter)
Unfortunately, no - that's what was said in the magazine.
She thought she was haunted by evil spirits
And she used mouthwash to clean her mouth
It is sad
(Laughter)
When I was writing the book
I met a woman who could reach euphoria with imagination
She was involved in a study taking place at Rutgers University
You should love this, "Rutgers Students".
So I interviewed her in Auckland
At a sushi restaurant
And I said, "Well, can you do it here?"
And she replied, "Yes, I can, but I prefer to finish my meal if you don't mind."
(Laughter)
But then she was good enough to show me how to do it
On a bench outside
It was remarkable and took about a minute
Then I told her
"Are you doing this all the time?"
(Laughter)
She said, "No, in fact when I get home I often get tired."
She told me that the last time I did it
She was on a Disneyland train
(Laughter)
The main center of ecstasy and spinal nerve
It's something called the sacral nerve root and it's located behind here
And if you stimulate or excite by an electric charge
For a specific area you get an orgasm
And it is possible to elicit reactions from the spinal nerve
In the dead
A certain kind of dead, have a still beating heart
This person will be brain dead
He is considered legally dead
But he lives on a ventilator
Where oxygen is delivered to the body's organs
In order to transfer it
Now if you take a brain-dead person
And I stimulated a specific point
You will see something happen
It's called "Lazarus" reaction.
That is, I will make it as clear as I can not as a dead person
This is what happens, you stir a specific position
So the dead do this
A worrying thing for those working in anatomy laboratories
(Laughter)
Now, if you could provoke Lazarus' reaction in a dead person
Why does not excite him in it?
I asked this question to an expert in brain death
Stephanie Mann, who was foolish enough to answer my emails
(Laughter)
I told him, "So can you
"The excitement of orgasm in a dead person?
And she said to me: "Yes, if the oxygen reaches the sacral nerves
You can. "
Obviously, this wouldn't be fun for a dead person
But it will still be a trance
(Laughter)
however
In fact I suggested to a researcher at the University of Alabama
She is researching orgasm
I told her, "You should do an experiment."
You can get bodies if you work at the university.
I told her, "Actually, you should do it."
She replied: "You must obtain the approval of the Human Resources Committee to do this."
(Laughter)
According to the author of the marriage book of 1930
Theodore van de Veld
You can find a slight smell of semen in the same woman
Within an hour after the sexual relationship
Theodore Van de Veld was a bit of a semen expert
(Laughter)
And this is another person who is the author of "The Perfect Marriage".
A lover of the opposite sex
He wrote in his book
It can differentiate the semen of a young person
It is characterized by a fresh and fresh aroma
The semen of an adult
Which is characterized by "Mona" smell, as he says:
Similar to the smell of Spanish chestnut
Sometimes it smells fresh like flowers
Others are pungent
(Laughter)
Well, in the year 1999 in the State of Israel
A person was injured in Al-Hazouqa
This situation has continued without interruption
And he did everything that his friends suggested
But none of them succeeded
Days passed, and at some point
And hiccups were still going on, when he was having sex with his wife
Hiccups have gone!
A female doctor told him about it ... and who played a role in spreading a research message about the matter
In the Canadian medicine newspaper themed
Sex quotas as a potential treatment
For the intractable Hiccups "
I liked this article because it was suggested at some point
Those with hiccups and those not associated with one of the masturbation experiences
(Laughter)
She liked this because she gave some demographic profile to those who suffer from hiccups who are "single" - unrelated -
That is, people are classified as (married - singles - singles but have hiccups)
In 1900 specifically its inception
Gynecologists believed ... many of them
That when a woman reaches her sexual thrill
The contractions that accompany them are aimed at pulling the semen into the cervix
As a kind of help quickly deliver it to the egg
The possibility of fertilization increases
This theory was called "absorption inward".
(Laughter)
Going back to the time of the physical "Hippocrates"
Then the doctors thought that the woman’s sexual tremor
Not only beneficial to fertilization but necessary for it
The doctors automatically told the men
On the importance of satisfying their wives
And the author of the marriage guide and expert to smell semen
Theodore van de Veld
(Laughter)
Mentioned in his book
And I love this man .. Theodore Van de Veld taught me a lot
It was mentioned in his book
Something that supposedly came from "Royal Habsburg"
Where was Empress Maria Theresa
She was having trouble getting pregnant
Where the group of doctors told her then
"We think it should
Your Majesty's vagina is to be done
Configure - stimulate - before sexual intercourse "
(Laughter)
This story appears to be in one of the historical references
Let's go back to the 1950s to Masters and Johnson
Masters and Johnson did not like the theory of absorption inward
And that was funny to them
They did not believe her
Masters and Johnson decided
They will understand it themselves
So they brought the women to their laboratory ... and I think they brought 5 women
They were stripped naked and injected into their cervix
With artificial semen
This was an artificial semen
Dark matter absorbs radiation and ...
Can be seen by X-rays.
This was in the 1950s
Then these women were placed in front of the X-ray machine.
They were asked to masturbate
Masters and Johnson monitored the artificial semen if it was absorbed or not
But they found no evidence of that - absorption -
You may ask how to make semen?
(Laughter)
And I have the answer for you .. Actually, I have two answers
You can use flour and water ... or cornstarch and water
And I found in the literature .. three recipes for making semen
(Laughter)
And I was impressed with one of the books
As you know - you now have a list of ingredients
For example in the usual method of preparation they say ..
Loudly: 12 candy bars
But in this recipe it is said, "Bring one toss ..."
(Laughter)
There is another way in which sexual thrills can increase fertility
These are related to men
Semen that remains in the body for a week or more
It may develop some kind of anomaly which it makes
Sperm "Ras" is less effective during its course
Toward the egg
The sex world says "Roy Levin"
Expecting the reason for the desire's development
Men's enthusiasm for masturbation
He says "If you continue to ejaculate by masturbation ..
Because I will get fresh semen periodically. "
I find this interesting because I am with this theory
Masturbation became justified .. as a motivation for eugenics by virtue of the theory of development and advancement
(Laughter)
Okay
Well ... there is evidence that can be taken into account about the theory of internal absorption
Pigs, for example
And in Denmark ... where the Danish National Pig Production Association said
They discovered that he had a farmer
Sexually stimulated for the pig during the process of artificial insemination
This will increase the percentage of "rendering" by 6%.
This is the number of pigs produced from artificial insemination
So they suggested a five-step plan for sexual stimulation
Industrial fertilization
Then it was promoted to farmers - flyers were distributed to the stables
And they have DVDs for operation
And I got a copy of that DVD
(Laughter)
I am not hiding anything from you because I will show you a scene of that
Well .. ah .. well
Well here we go to work ..
This looks very innocent
Here he does some work with his hands
The pig performs his "snout" because he has no hands
(Laughter)
This is ... the pig has several methods of courtship reference
Here are simulated pig weight
(Laughter)
You should know .. that the "clitoris" of a female pig is in her vagina
So this work leads to its excitement .. Here it is!
(Laughter)
And here we got the happy result
(clap)
I love this video
And there is a goal from this file back to the introduction
When the image was rounded to the wedding ring in his hand
They also say, "It is okay. This is his job ... and he really loves his wife."
(Laughter)
Well ... I said that when I was in Denmark I was hosting "Anne Marie"
And I said, "Well, why don't you stimulate the clitoris of a female pig?"
Why do not you push farmers to provoke it directly
Why clitoral stimulation is not among the five stages of your method? "
She said .. I want to read you what she said because I like him
She said "It was very difficult
Convince farmers to touch the bottom of the vagina ..
We told ourselves, 'Let's not mention the clitoris now!' "
(Laughter)
For ambitious and shy farmers. They can ask - that's a fact -
Vibrating device
The semen syringe is attached to it by "tube"
Because as I mentioned earlier
The clitoris is inside the vagina
So theoretically. Female pig can get a little more excitement than it is now
And from Qom I told her
"These females ... I mean, as you may have seen before
They do not show signs of complacency or euphoria.
She replied, "You can't check this
Because the animals do not appear on
Its faces are signs of pain or pleasure ... as is the case with us as human beings.
Understand .. pigs as dogs for example
She uses the upper part of her face for expression .. She sees the ears moving more expressively
So it is not possible to know what is really happening with the female pig
On the other hand, sophisticated animals use their mouth more for expression
For example. The expression when tossing in a tailed tail macaque
(Laughter)
Surprisingly, this expression was also observed in female macaques
But when he was molesting other macaques
(Laughter)
Masters and Johnson decided in the 1950s
They must discover the full human response cycle
From the start of arousal to the sexual tremor in both men and women
They discover everything ... it happens inside the human body
Well for women, a lot happens inside their bodies, not outside them, as men do
But this did not discourage Masters and Johnson
They have developed an industrial machine that simulates intercourse
It is essentially an "artificial penis" equipped with an optical camera and motor
Any rod
Really bar .. with camera and lighting lamp
Connected to a motor that works like this ..!
They tell the women to imagine the sexual process with him
And that's what they're going to do ... an interesting thing
Unfortunately, this device has been dispensed with
This saddens me very much ... not because I want to use it
Because I want to see him
(Laughter)
One day
Alfred Kinsey decided
To calculate the average distance traveled by the semen
This was not just a curiosity
Dr. "Kinsey" heard
A, there is a theory of a king in the early 1940's
You talk about the ejaculation force of semen
Inside the vagina
It has a direct impact on the potential for fertilization
And Kinsey thought that was nonsense ... so he decided to check this out
He gathered in his laboratory
300 men with metric tape measure and camera
(Laughter)
And he found a fact that says ..
That three-fourths of men
They were just throwing out
The semen was not released for a great distance or with great force
But the record holder at the time
Fling eight steps ... which is really interesting
(Laughter)
(clap)
Yes in deed
(Laughter)
Unfortunately, his name is unknown and he will remain "unknown".
And in his subsequent report
In his report on this experience in his book
Kinsey Books
"The newspapers were laid out to protect the oriental carpets I had."
(Laughter)
This phrase is my second favorite phrase
In my review of Alfred Kinsey's research
And my first phrase is, "the cheese crumbs that are spread before the mice.
The mind only distracts the female and does not distract the male's mind! "
(Laughter)
Thank you very much
(clap)
Thank you !